What do you picture when you
think about the security field?
This might make you think of a dark room
with people hunched over their computers.
Maybe you picture a person in a lab
carefully analyzing evidence.
Or, maybe you imagine a guard standing
watch in front of a building.
The truth is,
no matter what thoughts cross your mind,
all of these examples are part
of the wide world of security.
Hi, my name is Da'Queshia.
I have worked as a security engineer for
four years.
I'm excited to be your instructor for
this course and
share some of my experience with you.
At Google, I'm part of a diverse team
of security professionals who all have
different backgrounds and
unique perspectives.
For example,
in my role, I work to secure Gmail.
Part of my daily activities include
developing new security features and
fixing vulnerabilities in the application
to make email safer for our users.
Some members of my team began working in
security after graduating from college.
Many others found their way into the field
after years of working in another
industry.
Security teams come in all
different shapes and sizes.
Each member of a team has a role to play.
While our specific functions
within the group differ,
we all share the same objective:
protecting valuable assets from harm.
Accomplishing this mission involves
a combination of people, processes,
and tools.
In this course, you'll learn
about each of these in detail.
First, you'll be introduced to
the world of asset security.
You'll learn about the variety of
assets that organizations protect and
how these factor into a company's
overall approach to security.
Then, you'll begin exploring
the security systems and
controls that teams use to proactively
protect people and their information.
All systems have weaknesses
that can be improved upon.
When those weaknesses are neglected or
ignored, they can lead to serious problems.
In this section of the course,
you'll focus on common vulnerabilities in systems
and the ways security teams
stay ahead of potential problems.
Finally, you'll learn about
the threats to asset security.
You'll also be introduced to the threat
modeling process that security teams use
to stay one step ahead
of potential attacks.
In this field,
we try to do everything possible to avoid
being put in a compromised position.
By the end of this course, you'll have
a clearer picture of the ways people,
processes, and technology work together
to protect all that's important.
Throughout the course,
you'll also get an idea of the exciting
career opportunities available to you.
Security truly is
an interdisciplinary field.
Your background and
perspective is an asset.
Whether you're a recent college
graduate or starting a new career path,
the security field presents
a wide range of possibilities.
So what do you say?
Are you ready to go on
this journey with me?